Update set-up-multiple-configuration-files-for-a-project.adoc (#9164)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/triggers-overview.adoc

. Select **Run Pipeline** and you will see your new pipeline running in the web app.

> [#Troubleshooting: "No suitable user credential could be found for user"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

=== Troubleshooting: "No suitable user credential could be found for user"

> If you are seeing a "No suitable user credential could be found for user" when triggering a pipeline from the CircleCI web app, navigate to Project Settings > Pipelines > Add Pipeline > "Authorize" and then attempt to run the pipeline again by clicking "Trigger Pipeline".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are seeing "No suitable user credential could be found for user" when triggering a pipeline from the CircleCI web app, navigate to menu:Project Settings[Pipelines > Add Pipeline > Authorize] and then attempt to run the pipeline again by selecting btn:[Trigger Pipeline].
```
